1. Which of the following types of cloud platforms would a webmail service offered to the public be considered?                                
>SaaS (Software as a Service)
2. Which types of encryption uses a pair of keys known as a public and private?            
>ASYMMETRIC
3. Which would be a term applicable to an e-mail program on a workstation that is used to view email?    
> Mail User Agent (MUA)
4. The United States Air Force was able to install Linux on a popular gaming console and then connect over 1,700 of these systems together to work as one big supercomputer. Which types of technologies did they implement?   
>CLUSTERING
5. Which server can be used to cache requested Internet resources so that they can be more quickly delivered to users requesting the same resource while at the same time reducing the burden on the external network connection to the Internet for an organization?        
> PROXY SERVERS: acts as a gateway between you and the internet. It's an intermediary server separating end users from the websites they browse
6. What server role does Apache perform?    
> WEB SERVER
7. Which describes a type of useful and legitimate software that is distributed by a developer where they do not charge for the software but also do not distribute the source code along with it?        
> FREEWARE
8. Which can be used to synchronize the time between several Linux servers and workstations on a network with a time clock source on the Internet?   
> NTP (NETWORK TIME PROTOCOL)
