1. Which of the following are true of the echo command?
> When used to display text, quotation marks are optional    
> It can be used to display shell variables by including a $ sign in front of the variable name
> Including a semicolon at the end of the line will not affect the text being displayed
2. Wayne is using the command line and is in his home directory. Which of the following will display a list of all files and their sizes from his home directory?
>ls -al ~
>ls -al /home/wayne
3. Sandra needs to obtain the latest image of Fedora so that she can install it as a virtual machine on her Windows workstation. Which of the following file formats is Sandra likely to find available for download from Fedora's website to allow her to use the file as the source for booting and installing Linux as a VM?
>.iso
4. Which of the following commands can be used to display a calendar for the current month?
>cal
5. Which of the following commands will power off a Linux system after a 10 minute delay?        
>shutdown -P 10
6. Which of the following would be the correct device for the primary master PATA hard disk?    
>/dev/had
7. Which of the following key combinations would switch from tty1 to tty3?    
>Ctrl + Alt + F3
8. Dustin runs a command at the command line trying to find out what kernel version the system is running. However, it doesn't give him the information he needs. He knows there is an option that can be used to display the kernel version. How can he find out which option to use?            
>man uname
